Doubts
--------

What happens is we give the NSG none while creating the VM-> nothing happens just the vm will be created

How to get to know the vnets are connected after connecting b/w the virtual network gate ways ->same as like peering using the private ip which is in the vms or vns

y the peering is showing a request timed out even after the connection of 2machines -> v should do only one at a time eitheR peering or connecting vnets using VNG


y we want to disable the boot diagnostics -> the boot diagnostics is disabled bcoz at present v r nt using any locks 

How the tags will be useful?

What does TCP mean? Transmission control protocol

y does the location is not changing 

how can we communicate the ASG1 and AS2?

y in firewall vm dont have  public ports and public ip?

how the resource groups will be created automatically?

why the nat rule of transalated address is not accepting the vm2?

how to add  machines when the utilization of the cpu  is increasing in the website or app?

what is the exact meaning for downtime in vertical and horizontal scaling?

how can we know the load is decreased and to change the cpu size when its not in custom like VMSS?

does the azure load balancewr work only in the transport layer(layer 4)? How many layers are there?

what does public ports mean?

How to get to know that the port445 is opened or not while connecting to the file share in the storage account?

How to mount the drive for the multiple of employees at a time?

why IE enchanced security configuration need to be turned off in the remote desktop connection?

have a few doubts in webapp create the webapp and ask about its options in it?

Exact meaning for snapshot?

What is CNAME and A record?

How can we know that traffic is coming in a secure manner by using the certificate

What does the certificate mean and how to use these certificate for the traffic to come in a secure manner?

While creating the web app and web service plan whether the RG should also be the same region?

What does the backup in webapp will not increment in nature?

What does the snapshot is incremented in nature in webapp?

Whether we need to create the container registries as well?

what does orchastretaion mean in AKS?

How can we run multiple containers in one POD during complex deployments?

what is the use of having the linux based OS in the node pool(default)?

what is the ACI in the virtual nodes in the AKS?

How can we deploy the virtual kubelet component agent in the AKS and how can we use the ACI

How can we use the ACR as well as a private image repository?

Exact meaning for onpremise?

what does retain instant recovery snapshots mean?

what does kusto query mean?


can we do both the types of alerts?like to get a notification and also to trigger the logic app and webhook?

what does sample rate mean in diagnostics?


